[Tidy] Make vizro-bootstrap public (#970)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/themes.md

)
```

## Vizro themes in dash app (vizro-bootstrap)

> If you have a Dash app and want to use Vizro's themes, you can apply our `vizro.bootstrap` theme. This theme is visually similar to our `vizro_dark` and `vizro_light` themes but may have some differences because we use custom CSS to style certain Dash components that are not part of Bootstrap. You can view all our custom CSS files in our static folder [here](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/tree/main/vizro-core/src/vizro/static/css).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a Dash app and want to use Vizro's themes, you can apply the `vizro.bootstrap` theme. This theme is visually similar to our `vizro_dark` and `vizro_light` themes but has some differences because it uses custom CSS to style certain Dash components that are not part of Bootstrap. You can view all the custom CSS files in our static folder [here](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/tree/main/vizro-core/src/vizro/static/css).
```

To add the `vizro.bootstrap` theme to your Dash app, import vizro and include `vizro.bootstrap` in your `external_stylesheets`:

```python
import vizro
from dash import Dash

app = Dash(__name__, external_stylesheets=[vizro.bootstrap])
```

> To apply the bootstrap theme to your Plotly charts, we recommend using the [`dash-bootstrap-templates`](https://github.com/AnnMarieW/dash-bootstrap-templates) library. You can find examples of how to do this in the [dash-bootstrap-templates documentation on styling Plotly Figures with a Bootstrap theme](https://hellodash.pythonanywhere.com/adding-themes/figure-templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply the bootstrap theme to your Plotly charts, we recommend using the [`dash-bootstrap-templates`](https://github.com/AnnMarieW/dash-bootstrap-templates) library. You can find examples of how to do this in the [dash-bootstrap-templates documentation on styling Plotly figures with a Bootstrap theme](https://hellodash.pythonanywhere.com/adding-themes/figure-templates).
```

> Note that adding a Bootstrap stylesheet will only apply the theme to Bootstrap components in your app. To extend the Bootstrap theme to other components, such as the `Dash AgGrid` or `Dash Core Components`, include the stylesheet from the `dash-bootstrap-templates` library. For more details, refer to the [Dash Core Components](https://hellodash.pythonanywhere.com/adding-themes/dcc-components) and [Dash AgGrid](https://hellodash.pythonanywhere.com/adding-themes/ag-grid) sections of the `dash-bootstrap-templates` documentation.

Reviewer: Could you put this in a Note admonition please?

)
```

> ## Vizro bootstrap in dash app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Vizro Bootstrap in a pure Dash app
```

> If you have a Dash app and want to use Vizro's themes, you can apply the `vizro.bootstrap` theme. This theme is visually similar to our `vizro_dark` and `vizro_light` themes but has some differences because it uses custom CSS to style certain Dash components that are not part of Bootstrap. You can view all the custom CSS files in our static folder [here](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/tree/main/vizro-core/src/vizro/static/css).
> 
> To add the `vizro.bootstrap` theme to your Dash app, import vizro and include `vizro.bootstrap` in your `external_stylesheets`:
> 
> ```python
> import vizro
> from dash import Dash
> 
> app = Dash(__name__, external_stylesheets=[vizro.bootstrap])
> ```

Reviewer 2: I think this needs a bit more context since we don't say what Bootstrap is anywhere as far as I can see. I just reworded a bit:

````suggestion

Vizro apps use the [Dash Bootstrap Components](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/) library of Bootstrap components for Dash. If you have a pure Dash app and want to use Vizro's themes, you can apply Vizro's Bootstrap stylesheet in a [similar way to other Dash Bootstrap Components themes](https://dash-bootstrap-components.opensource.faculty.ai/docs/themes/) through the `vizro.bootstrap` variable:

```
import vizro
from dash import Dash

app = Dash(external_stylesheets=[vizro.bootstrap])
```

Note that Vizro uses some extra CSS in addition to the Bootstrap stylesheet to style some Dash components that are used in Vizro but are not part of Bootstrap (for example, [`DatePicker`][vizro.models.DatePicker] is based on [Dash Mantine Components](https://www.dash-mantine-components.com/). If you would like your pure Dash app to look as close to Vizro as possible then you will also need [this extra CSS](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/tree/main/vizro-core/src/vizro/static/css).
````

> ??? note "Apply bootstrap theme to charts and other components"
>     To apply the bootstrap theme to your Plotly charts, we recommend using the [`dash-bootstrap-templates`](https://github.com/AnnMarieW/dash-bootstrap-templates) library. You can find examples of how to do this in the [dash-bootstrap-templates documentation on styling Plotly figures with a Bootstrap theme](https://hellodash.pythonanywhere.com/adding-themes/figure-templates).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
??? note "Apply Bootstrap theme to charts and other components"
    To apply the Vizro Bootstrap theme to your Plotly charts, we recommend using the [`dash-bootstrap-templates`](https://github.com/AnnMarieW/dash-bootstrap-templates) library. You can find examples of how to do this in their [documentation on styling Plotly figures with a Bootstrap theme](https://hellodash.pythonanywhere.com/adding-themes/figure-templates).
```

Is this the right bit of advice instead of using our plotly themes? Do they ultimately do the same thing? 🤔 Let's discuss

Author: I see how this might be confusing now 😅  So ultimately they do the same thing, as both methods apply `vizro_dark.json` or `vizro_light.json`.

However, there are two different use cases for me here:

- **Apply vizro plotly templates:** Do the step just explained above in this section on applying the vizro plotly templates directly to plotly charts. This is completely unrelated to bootstrap.

```
import plotly.io as pio
import vizro.plotly.express as px

pio.templates.default = "vizro_light"
```
- **Apply a theme to a Plotly chart that synchronizes with the Bootstrap theme**: This is only relevant if you have a Dash app and you already use a Bootstrap theme. Normally, the Plotly charts don't automatically sync with the Bootstrap theme, which can lead to visual discrepancies and here, the right way to sync these is using AM repository.

Author: I tried to clarify it here: https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/970/commits/22b5606a670b74c4b379cbbef232e14c603f060f

    Note that adding a Bootstrap stylesheet will only apply the theme to Bootstrap components in your app. To extend the Bootstrap theme to other components, such as the `Dash AgGrid` or `Dash Core Components`, include the stylesheet from the `dash-bootstrap-templates` library. For more details, refer to the [Dash Core Components](https://hellodash.pythonanywhere.com/adding-themes/dcc-components) and [Dash AgGrid](https://hellodash.pythonanywhere.com/adding-themes/ag-grid) sections of the `dash-bootstrap-templates` documentation.

> 

Author: @AnnMarieW - I am mostly linking to your repository in the docs. You san see the built version here: https://vizro--970.org.readthedocs.build/en/970/pages/user-guides/themes/#vizro-bootstrap-in-dash-app

Let me know if you think I should add more information / context :)
